README.md, before:

### **Awesome Digital Badges and Certificates** [![Awesome](https://cdn.rawgit.com/sindresorhus/awesome/d7305f38d29fed78fa85652e3a63e154dd8e8829/media/badge.svg)](https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome)

A collection of awesome courses and certifications with digital badges and certificates.

- [Lucid](#lucid-general)
  - [Whiteboarding Foundations](https://training.lucid.co/path/whiteboarding-foundations)
  - [Diagramming Foundations](https://training.lucid.co/path/diagramming-foundations)
- [Miro](#miro-general)
  - [Mapping & Diagramming](https://academy.miro.com/learn/learning-path/mapping-and-diagramming-in-miro)
- [GitOps](#gitops-general)
  - [GitOps Fundamentals](https://codefresh.learnworlds.com/course/gitops-with-argo) by [Codefresh](https://codefresh.io/)
- [Kafka](#kafka-general)
  - [Kafka Fundamentals](https://training.confluent.io/channeldetail/apache-kafka-fundamentals-and-accreditation) by [Confluent](https://www.confluent.io/)
  - [Confluent Certified Developer for Apache Kafka](https://training.confluent.io/examdetail/confluent-dev) by [Confluent](https://www.confluent.io/) :dollar:
  - [Confluent Certified Administrator for Apache Kafka](https://training.confluent.io/examdetail/confluent-admin-exam) by [Confluent](https://www.confluent.io/) :dollar:
- [FinOps](#finops-general)
  - [FinOps Certified Practitioner](https://learn.finops.org/path/finops-certified-practitioner-self-paced) :dollar:
- [HashiCorp](#hashicorp-general)
  - [HashiCorp Certified: Terraform Associate](https://www.hashicorp.com/certification/terraform-associate) :dollar:
  - [HashiCorp Certified: Vault Associate](https://www.hashicorp.com/certification/vault-associate) :dollar:
  - [HashiCorp Certified: Vault Operations Professional](https://www.hashicorp.com/certification/vault-associate) :dollar:
  - [HashiCorp Certified: Consul Associate](https://www.hashicorp.com/certification/consul-associate) :dollar:
- [Docker](#docker-general)
  - [Docker Essentials](https://cognitiveclass.ai/courses/docker-essentials) by [Cognitive Class AI](https://cognitiveclass.ai)
  - [Get started with Docker](https://www.credly.com/org/go-deploy-ltd/badge/get-started-with-docker) by [Go Deploy](https://lz.godeploy.com/en-us/landing-page) :dollar:
- [Kubernetes](#k8s-general)
  - [Certified Kubernetes Administrator](https://training.linuxfoundation.org/certification/certified-kubernetes-administrator-cka/) :dollar:
  - [Certified Kubernetes Application Developer](https://training.linuxfoundation.org/certification/certified-kubernetes-application-developer-ckad/) :dollar:
- [Calico](#calico-general)
  - [Calico Certification](https://www.tigera.io/lp/calico-certification/) by [Tigera](https://www.tigera.io)
- [Istio](#istio-general)
  - [Istio Foundation](https://academy.solo.io/get-started-with-istio) by [Solo](https://solo.io)
  - [Istio Essentials](https://academy.solo.io/deploy-istio-for-production) by [Solo](https://solo.io)
- [Reactive Architecture](#reactive-arch-general)
  - [Reactive Architecture(1): Introduction to Reactive Systems](https://academy.lightbend.com/courses/course-v1:lightbend+LRA-IntroToReactive+v1/about) by [Lightbend](https://www.lightbend.com/)
  - [Reactive Architecture(2): Domain Driven Design](https://academy.lightbend.com/courses/course-v1:lightbend+LRA-DomainDrivenDesign+v1/about) by [Lightbend](https://www.lightbend.com/)
  - [Reactive Architecture(3): Reactive Microservices](https://academy.lightbend.com/courses/course-v1:lightbend+LRA-ReactiveMicroservices+v1/about) by [Lightbend](https://www.lightbend.com/)
  - [Reactive Architecture(4): Building Scalable Systems](https://academy.lightbend.com/courses/course-v1:lightbend+LRA-BuildingScalableSystems+v1/about) by [Lightbend](https://www.lightbend.com/)
  - [Reactive Architecture(5): Distributed Messaging Patterns](https://academy.lightbend.com/courses/course-v1:lightbend+LRA-DistributedMessagingPatterns+v1/about) by [Lightbend](https://www.lightbend.com/)
  - [Reactive Architecture(6): CQRS & Event Sourcing](https://academy.lightbend.com/courses/course-v1:lightbend+LRA-CQRSandEventSourcing+v1/about) by [Lightbend](https://www.lightbend.com/)
- [Amazon Web Services (AWS)](#aws-general)
  - [AWS Learning](#aws-learning)
    - [Storage Learning Plan - Object](https://explore.skillbuilder.aws/learn/public/learning_plan/view/51/storage-learning-plan-object-storage)
    - [Storage Learning Plan - Block](https://explore.skillbuilder.aws/learn/public/learning_plan/view/93/storage-learning-plan-block-storage)
    - [Storage Learning Plan - File Storage](https://explore.skillbuilder.aws/learn/public/learning_plan/view/95/storage-learning-plan-file-storage)
    - [Storage Learning Plan - Data Migration](https://explore.skillbuilder.aws/learn/public/learning_plan/view/94/storage-learning-plan-data-migration)
    - [Storage Learning Plan - Data Protection and Disaster Recovery](https://explore.skillbuilder.aws/learn/public/learning_plan/view/54/storage-learning-plan-data-protection-and-disaster-recovery)
  - [AWS Partners](#aws-partners)
    - [AWS Partner: Accreditation (Technical)](https://explore.skillbuilder.aws/learn/course/internal/view/elearning/1096/aws-partner-accreditation-technical)
    - [AWS Partner: Accreditation (Business)](https://explore.skillbuilder.aws/learn/course/internal/view/elearning/1100/aws-partner-accreditation-business-digital)
    - [AWS Partner: SAP on AWS (Business)](https://explore.skillbuilder.aws/learn/course/internal/view/elearning/1374/aws-partner-sap-on-aws-business)
    - [AWS Partner: SAP on AWS (Technical)](https://explore.skillbuilder.aws/learn/course/internal/view/elearning/1571/aws-partner-sap-on-aws-technical)
    - [AWS Partner: Migration Ambassador 2022](https://explore.skillbuilder.aws/learn/course/internal/view/elearning/12350/migration-ambassador-foundations-business)
  - [AWS Role](#aws-roles)
    -  [AWS Role: Cloud Practitioner](https://aws.amazon.com/certification/certified-cloud-practitioner/) :dollar:
    -  [AWS Role: Developer (Assosiate)](https://aws.amazon.com/certification/certified-developer-associate/) :dollar:
    -  [AWS Role: SysOps Administrator (Assosiate)](https://aws.amazon.com/certification/certified-sysops-admin-associate/) :dollar:
    -  [AWS Role: Cloud DevOps Engineer (Professional)](https://aws.amazon.com/certification/certified-devops-engineer-professional/) :dollar:
    -  [AWS Role: Solutions Architect (Assosiate)](https://aws.amazon.com/certification/certified-solutions-architect-associate/) :dollar:
    -  [AWS Role: Solutions Architect (Professional)](https://aws.amazon.com/certification/certified-solutions-architect-professional/) :dollar:
  - [AWS Specialty](#aws-specialty)
    -  [AWS Specialty: Advanced Networking](https://aws.amazon.com/certification/certified-advanced-networking-specialty/) :dollar:
    -  [AWS Specialty: Data Analytics](https://aws.amazon.com/certification/certified-data-analytics-specialty/) :dollar:
    -  [AWS Specialty: Database](https://aws.amazon.com/certification/certified-database-specialty/) :dollar:
    -  [AWS Specialty: Machine Learning](https://aws.amazon.com/certification/certified-machine-learning-specialty/) :dollar:
    -  [AWS Specialty: Security](https://aws.amazon.com/certification/certified-security-specialty/) :dollar:
    -  [AWS Specialty: SAP on AWS](https://aws.amazon.com/certification/certified-sap-on-aws-specialty/) :dollar:
- [IBM](#ibm-general)
  - [IBM Enterprise Design Thinking - Practitioner](https://www.ibm.com/design/thinking/page/badges/core-skills#Practitioner)
  - [IBM Enterprise Design Thinking - Co-Creator](https://www.ibm.com/design/thinking/page/badges/core-skills#Co-Creator)
  - [IBM Enterprise Design Thinking - Coach](https://www.ibm.com/design/thinking/page/badges/core-skills#Coach)
  - [IBM Enterprise Design Thinking - Advocate](https://www.ibm.com/design/thinking/page/badges/core-skills#Advocate)
  - [IBM Enterprise Design Thinking - Leader](https://www.ibm.com/design/thinking/page/badges/core-skills#Leader)
  - [IBM Enterprise Design Thinking - Artificial Intelligence](https://www.ibm.com/design/thinking/page/badges/ai)

Commit message:

add .NET Workloads on AWS

README.md, after:

### **Awesome Digital Badges and Certificates** [![Awesome](https://cdn.rawgit.com/sindresorhus/awesome/d7305f38d29fed78fa85652e3a63e154dd8e8829/media/badge.svg)](https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome)

A collection of awesome courses and certifications with digital badges and certificates.

- [Lucid](#lucid-general)
  - [Whiteboarding Foundations](https://training.lucid.co/path/whiteboarding-foundations)
  - [Diagramming Foundations](https://training.lucid.co/path/diagramming-foundations)
- [Miro](#miro-general)
  - [Mapping & Diagramming](https://academy.miro.com/learn/learning-path/mapping-and-diagramming-in-miro)
- [GitOps](#gitops-general)
  - [GitOps Fundamentals](https://codefresh.learnworlds.com/course/gitops-with-argo) by [Codefresh](https://codefresh.io/)
- [Kafka](#kafka-general)
  - [Kafka Fundamentals](https://training.confluent.io/channeldetail/apache-kafka-fundamentals-and-accreditation) by [Confluent](https://www.confluent.io/)
  - [Confluent Certified Developer for Apache Kafka](https://training.confluent.io/examdetail/confluent-dev) by [Confluent](https://www.confluent.io/) :dollar:
  - [Confluent Certified Administrator for Apache Kafka](https://training.confluent.io/examdetail/confluent-admin-exam) by [Confluent](https://www.confluent.io/) :dollar:
- [FinOps](#finops-general)
  - [FinOps Certified Practitioner](https://learn.finops.org/path/finops-certified-practitioner-self-paced) :dollar:
- [HashiCorp](#hashicorp-general)
  - [HashiCorp Certified: Terraform Associate](https://www.hashicorp.com/certification/terraform-associate) :dollar:
  - [HashiCorp Certified: Vault Associate](https://www.hashicorp.com/certification/vault-associate) :dollar:
  - [HashiCorp Certified: Vault Operations Professional](https://www.hashicorp.com/certification/vault-associate) :dollar:
  - [HashiCorp Certified: Consul Associate](https://www.hashicorp.com/certification/consul-associate) :dollar:
- [Docker](#docker-general)
  - [Docker Essentials](https://cognitiveclass.ai/courses/docker-essentials) by [Cognitive Class AI](https://cognitiveclass.ai)
  - [Get started with Docker](https://www.credly.com/org/go-deploy-ltd/badge/get-started-with-docker) by [Go Deploy](https://lz.godeploy.com/en-us/landing-page) :dollar:
- [Kubernetes](#k8s-general)
  - [Certified Kubernetes Administrator](https://training.linuxfoundation.org/certification/certified-kubernetes-administrator-cka/) :dollar:
  - [Certified Kubernetes Application Developer](https://training.linuxfoundation.org/certification/certified-kubernetes-application-developer-ckad/) :dollar:
- [Calico](#calico-general)
  - [Calico Certification](https://www.tigera.io/lp/calico-certification/) by [Tigera](https://www.tigera.io)
- [Istio](#istio-general)
  - [Istio Foundation](https://academy.solo.io/get-started-with-istio) by [Solo](https://solo.io)
  - [Istio Essentials](https://academy.solo.io/deploy-istio-for-production) by [Solo](https://solo.io)
- [Reactive Architecture](#reactive-arch-general)
  - [Reactive Architecture(1): Introduction to Reactive Systems](https://academy.lightbend.com/courses/course-v1:lightbend+LRA-IntroToReactive+v1/about) by [Lightbend](https://www.lightbend.com/)
  - [Reactive Architecture(2): Domain Driven Design](https://academy.lightbend.com/courses/course-v1:lightbend+LRA-DomainDrivenDesign+v1/about) by [Lightbend](https://www.lightbend.com/)
  - [Reactive Architecture(3): Reactive Microservices](https://academy.lightbend.com/courses/course-v1:lightbend+LRA-ReactiveMicroservices+v1/about) by [Lightbend](https://www.lightbend.com/)
  - [Reactive Architecture(4): Building Scalable Systems](https://academy.lightbend.com/courses/course-v1:lightbend+LRA-BuildingScalableSystems+v1/about) by [Lightbend](https://www.lightbend.com/)
  - [Reactive Architecture(5): Distributed Messaging Patterns](https://academy.lightbend.com/courses/course-v1:lightbend+LRA-DistributedMessagingPatterns+v1/about) by [Lightbend](https://www.lightbend.com/)
  - [Reactive Architecture(6): CQRS & Event Sourcing](https://academy.lightbend.com/courses/course-v1:lightbend+LRA-CQRSandEventSourcing+v1/about) by [Lightbend](https://www.lightbend.com/)
- [Amazon Web Services (AWS)](#aws-general)
  - [AWS Learning](#aws-learning)
    - [Storage Learning Plan - Object](https://explore.skillbuilder.aws/learn/public/learning_plan/view/51/storage-learning-plan-object-storage)
    - [Storage Learning Plan - Block](https://explore.skillbuilder.aws/learn/public/learning_plan/view/93/storage-learning-plan-block-storage)
    - [Storage Learning Plan - File Storage](https://explore.skillbuilder.aws/learn/public/learning_plan/view/95/storage-learning-plan-file-storage)
    - [Storage Learning Plan - Data Migration](https://explore.skillbuilder.aws/learn/public/learning_plan/view/94/storage-learning-plan-data-migration)
    - [Storage Learning Plan - Data Protection and Disaster Recovery](https://explore.skillbuilder.aws/learn/public/learning_plan/view/54/storage-learning-plan-data-protection-and-disaster-recovery)
  - [AWS Partners](#aws-partners)
    - [AWS Partner: Accreditation (Technical)](https://explore.skillbuilder.aws/learn/course/internal/view/elearning/1096/aws-partner-accreditation-technical)
    - [AWS Partner: Accreditation (Business)](https://explore.skillbuilder.aws/learn/course/internal/view/elearning/1100/aws-partner-accreditation-business-digital)
    - [AWS Partner: SAP on AWS (Business)](https://explore.skillbuilder.aws/learn/course/internal/view/elearning/1374/aws-partner-sap-on-aws-business)
    - [AWS Partner: SAP on AWS (Technical)](https://explore.skillbuilder.aws/learn/course/internal/view/elearning/1571/aws-partner-sap-on-aws-technical)
    - [AWS Partner: Migration Ambassador 2022](https://explore.skillbuilder.aws/learn/course/internal/view/elearning/12350/migration-ambassador-foundations-business)
  - [AWS Role](#aws-roles)
    -  [AWS Role: Cloud Practitioner](https://aws.amazon.com/certification/certified-cloud-practitioner/) :dollar:
    -  [AWS Role: Developer (Assosiate)](https://aws.amazon.com/certification/certified-developer-associate/) :dollar:
    -  [AWS Role: SysOps Administrator (Assosiate)](https://aws.amazon.com/certification/certified-sysops-admin-associate/) :dollar:
    -  [AWS Role: Cloud DevOps Engineer (Professional)](https://aws.amazon.com/certification/certified-devops-engineer-professional/) :dollar:
    -  [AWS Role: Solutions Architect (Assosiate)](https://aws.amazon.com/certification/certified-solutions-architect-associate/) :dollar:
    -  [AWS Role: Solutions Architect (Professional)](https://aws.amazon.com/certification/certified-solutions-architect-professional/) :dollar:
  - [AWS Specialty](#aws-specialty)
    -  [AWS Specialty: Advanced Networking](https://aws.amazon.com/certification/certified-advanced-networking-specialty/) :dollar:
    -  [AWS Specialty: Data Analytics](https://aws.amazon.com/certification/certified-data-analytics-specialty/) :dollar:
    -  [AWS Specialty: Database](https://aws.amazon.com/certification/certified-database-specialty/) :dollar:
    -  [AWS Specialty: Machine Learning](https://aws.amazon.com/certification/certified-machine-learning-specialty/) :dollar:
    -  [AWS Specialty: Security](https://aws.amazon.com/certification/certified-security-specialty/) :dollar:
    -  [AWS Specialty: SAP on AWS](https://aws.amazon.com/certification/certified-sap-on-aws-specialty/) :dollar:
  - [.NET on AWS](#aws-net)
    -  [.NET Workloads on AWS Lambda](https://www.credly.com/org/dotnetonaws/badge/net-workloads-on-aws-lambda)
    -  [.NET Workloads on AWS App Runner](https://www.credly.com/org/dotnetonaws/badge/net-workloads-on-aws-app-runner)
    -  [.NET Workloads on Amazon ECS on AWS Fargate](https://www.credly.com/org/dotnetonaws/badge/net-workloads-on-amazon-ecs-on-aws-fargate)
- [IBM](#ibm-general)
  - [IBM Enterprise Design Thinking - Practitioner](https://www.ibm.com/design/thinking/page/badges/core-skills#Practitioner)
  - [IBM Enterprise Design Thinking - Co-Creator](https://www.ibm.com/design/thinking/page/badges/core-skills#Co-Creator)
  - [IBM Enterprise Design Thinking - Coach](https://www.ibm.com/design/thinking/page/badges/core-skills#Coach)
  - [IBM Enterprise Design Thinking - Advocate](https://www.ibm.com/design/thinking/page/badges/core-skills#Advocate)
  - [IBM Enterprise Design Thinking - Leader](https://www.ibm.com/design/thinking/page/badges/core-skills#Leader)
  - [IBM Enterprise Design Thinking - Artificial Intelligence](https://www.ibm.com/design/thinking/page/badges/ai)
